If you're going to make it as an entrepreneur, you need to become obsessed. You have to have the entrepreneurial mindset. The same sort of mindset that has fueled the growth of Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Sam Alman, Emma Greed, all of the top entrepreneurs that you admire the most. They have the same mindset. Now, I'm going to break this down into three categories that give you the entrepreneurial mindset that maximizes your growth. Without this mindset, you're going to struggle. Without this mindset, you're going to become overly emotional. Without this mindset, you're going to unravel your success. So if you're going to make it as an entrepreneur, you need to focus on these three things. Now the three things are to become a passionate visionary scientist. Those are the three elements of being a great entrepreneur and having a great entrepreneurial mindset. So let's break them down. So how do we break down passion? What is passion? I believe that passion is an alignment between your origin story, your mission and your vision. So your origin story is your past. Your mission is your present, what you want to do right now. And your vision is your future. So your origin, mission, and vision needs to be in alignment. Your past, present, and future are one thing. Now what happens is that if you are in alignment with your past, present, and future, you end up with this mystery ingredient called passion. A great example of this is Steve Jobs when he said, &gt;&gt; "You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards." &gt;&gt; He was able to decode that his origin story included a love of liberal arts and technology. Steve Jobs also understood that his vision was about celebrating the creatives. If you look at his famous ad, Here's to the crazy ones, the rebels and the misfits. He really gives an ode to the people that he considers the ones that he wants to celebrate most. And his mission was to build tools that allow them to do their best work. Now, because he had that alignment between his origin, mission, and vision, people wanted to follow him, even though he was difficult to work with. My definition of passion is a willingness to struggle for something bigger than yourself. Think about a passionate dancer. She's willing to dance even though her feet are sore because she's willing to struggle for something bigger than herself. That is real passion. Passion is not about joy. Passion is not vibes. Passion is not about feeling good. Passion is the willingness to struggle through the things that you need to endure in order for something greater. That's real passion. So we call that the origin, the mission, and the vision. The origin is your past. It's your background. It's your backstory. It's the things that you've been doing naturally for many, many years. And your mission is an understanding. It's a knowing of what is the most high value thing that you need to be doing today that only you could be doing. Vision is what you want to see happen in the future. If you could wave a magic wand and 10 years from now the world would be different in some way. Your vision is what you see happening. A really fun way to think about origin, mission, and vision is the story of Batman. The origin story of Batman is that he was a victim of crime at age 10 that he was a victim of crime at age that he was a victim of crime at age and he swore that he would clean up and he swore that he would clean up Gotham City. His vision for the future is Gotham City free from crime. And his mission is to use his family fortune to become a symbol that strikes fear into the heart of baddies. And the reason we love the character Batman is because of the strength of the origin, mission, and vision story. For you to be perceived as a more passionate entrepreneur, you need to have clarity around your origin story, your vision for the future, and your mission of what you're up to today. The second piece of the puzzle is to be a visionary. So what does it mean to be a visionary? It means that you're operating from the visionary part of the brain. So let's look at your brain. We'll keep at it. So your brain is built in call it three levels. Level one is the destructive part of your brain or the defensive part of your brain called the reptile. The reptile is all about fight, flight, freeze, freak out, throw tantrums, get aggressive. It has 7-minute tantrums. It loves to have these little moments where it's really annoyed at the world and it's willing to do whatever it takes. It's a great part of the brain if you were to encounter a threat. The next part is called the autopilot. The autopilot is the part of the brain that just simply wants to do things on repeat. It does not want to have to think very hard. It wants to repeat the past and do the same stuff over and over and over again and it just hopes that that works. Now, this was a very useful part of the brain as well. If you went down a certain path and at the end of that path there was a big banana tree and you got bananas, then your brain says, "You know what? Let's just do that over and over again. Let's just keep walking down the path and get the bananas every day." Same thing if you're an employee. You're going to go into autopilot mode. You're going to turn up to work at the same time every day. You're going to do the same sort of things and then you're going to finish work at the same time every day and you're going to come home and you're going to repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat. Five years go by, 10 years go by, you've been on autopilot mode the whole time and not a lot has changed. Autopilot is essentially staying within your comfort zone and just repeating the past. The final part of the brain is the exciting part. If you're an entrepreneur, this is called the visionary part of the brain. The visionary part of the brain sees the future and figures out how to reverse engineer the future. It's got superpowers. This part of the brain has empathy, right? It can understand what other people are feeling. It has love where it can really understand how to form emotional connection and bonds to to ideas or people. It has strategy where it can come up with step-by-step ways of getting what it wants. It has creativity where it can come up with new and novel ways to achieve something. Ultimately, the visionary part of the brain is the best bit of you. If you've ever been sitting by the pool on a holiday and thought, "What if I make this phone call? What if I create this product? What if I start this business? What if I take my business into a new location in the world? What if I try things in a completely different way?" If that has been a conversation that's put a smile on your face and you felt that level of excitement because you've come up with a new strategy, you having a visionary moment. You want to capture that lightning in a bottle and you want to be the visionary entrepreneur. Every successful entrepreneur is operating from the visionary mind until such time as they destroy their success by going reptile or getting caught in their comfort zone on autopilot. So your job as an entrepreneur is to keep yourself in the visionary mindset. The third part of having an entrepreneurial mindset is the scientist. The scientist is the part of you that is curious and loves to come up with experimentation. You want to run fast and cheap experiments to see if you can change the way the world works. So what does a scientist do? They approach the world with curiosity. They create a hypothesis and then they figure out what's called a null hypothesis. So they think, hm, I wonder if I ran this ad, would that create customers? So they run some experiments. And the experiment either works or it doesn't work. A scientist is not upset about a failed experiment. A scientist just says, "That's one way that I've figured out that doesn't work." The best way to be a scientist is to come up with ideas and test your ideas. You're going to run fast and cheap experiments. To run fast and cheap experiments might mean setting up a landing page all within one day, putting it on social media, and seeing how people respond to it. Great scientists are not worried about looking silly. They're worried about collecting data. They're not judging until they have the data. So, a great scientist might go and survey 30 or 150 people and then figure out how many people want the particular product that they're offering. Great scientists are not worried about being embarrassed. They're worried about collecting good quality data and then being able to extrapolate based on the data. Great scientists don't form opinions and they don't feel a sense of confidence or lack of confidence until they've got their hands on the data. So, it's a combination of these three things, being passionate, being visionary, and being a scientist that make you a great entrepreneur. If you want to know what the entrepreneur mindset is all about, those are the three key ingredients that I see when I look at the most successful entrepreneurs in my life and when I've been operating at my best. Now, if you want to know exactly what to do with that mindset, you may want to check out my recent video, which is 29 minutes, that tells you step by step how to move through the five stages of going from idea to seven figure business. There'll be a link somewhere in the description below. I hope you're enjoying these videos. If you are, please share this with someone who you think wants to improve their entrepreneurial mindset. Give it a like, give it a comment, give it a subscribe. I look forward to seeing you soon and I hope your business is successful.